I wish you'd expect there it is friend
Hayden of Canada in a in a akmal of
France hansa Garcia Cuba as well as many
others and this should be an absolute
thriller sorry he's the wrong side of 50
seconds right now just managed to
qualify in 7th this morning Fabian
zillow of France was locked out of
podium contention in fifth in
yesterday's 50 meter sprint and Thomas o
da Sonia of Australia in three he came
third in the 200 free yesterday yannick
agnel well he doesn't need any
introduction really does he will get a
big response here he's uh he has three
of the best 5 200 meter freestyle
performances this year in addition to
his prowess over this distance there's
grant Anna in five days
Brent Hayden of Canada what a talent he
has and he's coming to the fore adjust
the right time clement lefur france in
lane 7 he made 48.6 for over a hundred
meters here in france in march and
finally hansa garcia of Cuba he's out in
eight he only has managed to avoid the B
finals with a sluggish 50.1 for Garcia
but just about to get underway hundred
meters freestyle oh it was a very quick
start from brent hayden off the blocks
in Lane six also hansa Garcia in the
near side at 98 going very well indeed
as we approach the first turn and it's
looking as if Garcia might just be a
head but app pack not yannick agnel I
think yeah he's taken the town first
twenty three point two three as you can
see in 94 in the white cap but in Lane
six brenthaven coming in with a very
strong finish we know he's got an
amazing french and i think the canadian
could very well do it but yannick agnel
holding on and a very very fast finish
from hansa garcia and he actually takes
enhancer garcia 48.8 9 he takes it Brent
Hayden second and the Frenchman beaten
is a third unbelievable 48.8 9
I just over a tenth of a second behind
him was Brent Hayden sorry it's hansa
Garcia tenth of a second behind him
Brenda Hayden and yannick agnel beaten
into third just two hundredths between
him and the second place Brent hate of
the Canadian if you see it from this
angle it looked as if agnel habit but
it's all about who gets to the wall
first and well would you credit it out
there in Lane ain't answer Garcia of
Cuba if only just qualified before this
and avoided the B finals this morning
and he's walking away with top prize